GENERALS HYPERSONIC — INSTALLATION GUIDE

EA has not endorsed and does not support this product.
Free unofficial fan mod for Command & Conquer: Generals – Zero Hour. See the website
for current release availability and package versions. Android is planned for a
later alpha.

REQUIREMENTS
Your own legal copy of Command & Conquer: Generals – Zero Hour, patch 1.04.
The original game is not included. Retail/The First Decade, Steam and EA app
are recognized installation families; release testing of every variant is not
yet complete. Check the actual installed patch version.

INSTALLER
1. Have Zero Hour 1.04 installed.
2. Run the Generals Hypersonic installer. Select your Zero Hour folder if asked.
   The mod destination must be its own folder, outside Zero Hour.
3. Launch the Generals Hypersonic shortcut.

The mod uses HypersonicZH.exe and Hypersonic.big in a separate mod folder.
The default installer location is %LOCALAPPDATA%\Programs\Generals Hypersonic.
The Zero Hour game folder is read, not changed.
Options, saves, replays and crash reports use Documents\Generals Hypersonic Data.

PORTABLE ZIP
Extract the official ZIP into its own folder, outside the Zero Hour folder.
Run HypersonicZH.exe. Keep Hypersonic.big next to the executable.
If Zero Hour is not found, create a plain-text HypersonicZH.ini next to the
executable containing the line below, substituting your actual game folder:

GameDir=C:\path\to\your\Zero Hour folder

The portable ZIP contains the same executable; it is not a workaround for
Windows security controls. The website states each release's signing status.

FILE VERIFICATION / SOURCE
Compare an official package's SHA-256 with the checksum listed on the website.
In PowerShell: Get-FileHash -Algorithm SHA256 -LiteralPath 'path-to-package'
The matching engine source accompanies every release
(GeneralsHypersonic-<version>-engine-source.zip).
See LICENSE-ENGINE.txt for the unchanged engine license and EA additional terms.

UNINSTALL
Use the Start menu "Uninstall Generals Hypersonic" shortcut or Windows apps
settings. User data is kept by default. A portable install can be removed by
deleting its own extracted mod folder. Keep any saves/replays you want to retain.

MULTIPLAYER / HELP
All players need the same Hypersonic build and executable. Retail Zero Hour
players cannot join a Hypersonic match. Cross-platform play is not promised.
See release-notes.txt and bug-report-template.txt. Send reports through the
bug-report link on the website once one is listed there.
